adj:fresh GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:formal GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:tiny GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:short-term GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:typical GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:comprehensive GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:late GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:conventional GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:willing GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:old GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:exclusive GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:high GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:traditional GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:precious GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:far GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:direct GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:great GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:practical GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:new GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:few GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:elaborate GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:controversial GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:famous GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:numerous GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:appropriate GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:rural GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:fundamental GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:present GoldLabel:notgradable PredictedLabel:gradable
adj:crucial GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:raw GoldLabel:notgradable PredictedLabel:gradable
adj:radical GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:creative GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:flexible GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:dramatic GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:liberal GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:ordinary GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:bitter GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:legitimate GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:free GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:moderate GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:widespread GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:operating GoldLabel:notgradable PredictedLabel:gradable
adj:extensive GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:lengthy GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:lucrative GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:sluggish GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:speculative GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:protectionist GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:rapid GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:full GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:negative GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:substantial GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:democratic GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:frequent GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:significant GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:conservative GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:responsible GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:critical GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:prominent GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:professional GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:large GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:brief GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:small GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:routine GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:vital GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:recent GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:dominant GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:striking GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:efficient GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:influential GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable
adj:sure GoldLabel:gradable PredictedLabel:notgradable